doc: Getting started with internet access for first time user (#4466)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/getting-started.md

# Use `root` for both the login and password.
# Run `reboot` to exit.

> #
> # For internet access in the guest, run `ip route add default via 172.16.0.1 dev eth0`
> # For DNS resolution in the guest, run `echo "nameserver 8.8.8.8" > /etc/resolv.conf`

Reviewer: I think since these are required for other parts to work it makes sense to have them by default.

```suggestion

# Setup internet access in the guest
ip route add default via 172.16.0.1 dev eth0

# Setup DNS resolution in the guest
echo "nameserver 8.8.8.8" > /etc/resolv.conf
```

Reviewer 2: What other parts? The guide ends here.

Reviewer: > What other parts? The guide ends here.

The other parts above of the guide that begin setting up the internet connection.

Author: That makes sense, however, the script should run inside guest, so it would be:

```
# Setup internet access in the guest
ssh -i ./ubuntu-22.04.id_rsa root@172.16.0.2  "ip route add default via 172.16.0.1 dev eth0"

# Setup DNS resolution in the guest
ssh -i ./ubuntu-22.04.id_rsa root@172.16.0.2  'echo "nameserver 8.8.8.8" > /etc/resolv.conf'
```

Author: On introducing commands via ssh, it become important to wait long enough for them to succeeed, that means the `sleep 0.015s` is too fast for some systems. I run this on 6CPU 16GB machine, and yet it never runs fast enough to ssh. 

Hence, if we're to include ssh command I'd also suggest increasing sleep to a second or two.

Author: I'm happy to do both changes - if above sounds reasonable?

Author: Thank you all for first review. Just checking in to see if there's feedback on this that I can address?  

My follow up question was regarding suggested change - if that's not applicable or incorrect for this documentation, please feel free to commit the suggested change.

Reviewer: If the ssh commands can work I think there is no problem increasing the sleep time, I think this is a good approach.

Author: In my tests 2s works every time and hence I updated PR as such before running ssh commands.

This is much better than my original PR - thank you for the reviews

Reviewer: lgtm
